added columns to the release documents (#377)
chaoss/website: release/202008/metrics-head-rc.md

# CHAOSS Metrics  
### Upcoming Release 202008 [Under Review]

CHAOSS metrics are identified and defined using a continuous release process. The metrics are officially released biannually following a 30 day comment period. To contribute to the release or comment on metrics under review, please follow the links provided in the working group tables located below.

To obtain a pdf copy of previous releases or see what is new in this release please visit the [release notes page](https://chaoss.community/release-history/).

To make suggestions or edits to this webpage please visit the [website repo](https://github.com/chaoss/website) and open an issue or create a pull request.

#### Disclaimer

> Released metrics are only a subset of metric ideas that are being developed. CHAOSS makes no assertions about the completeness of this list. If you would like to learn more about metrics, suggest new metrics, and or help define metrics please visit the working group repositories.  

Reviewer: @ElizabethN pointed out that the text was misleading. Here is an alternative proposal.
```suggestion
Metrics on this page were debated in working groups and underwent a review period. CHAOSS acknowledges that more metrics exist and would like to add them in the future. If you would like to learn more about metrics, suggest new metrics, and or help define metrics please visit the working group repositories.  
```

Author: Yeah, I know the language on this needs to change a bit. The sentiment is accurate though. Will try a rewrite.

* [Who](#user-content-focus-area---who)  
#### Diversity and Inclusion WG  
* [Event Diversity](#user-content-focus-area---event-diversity)  
* [Governance](#user-content-focus-area---governance)  
* [Leadership](#user-content-focus-area---leadership)  
#### Evolution WG  
* [Code Development Activity](#user-content-focus-area---code-development-activity)  
* [Code Development Efficiency](#user-content-focus-area---code-development-efficiency)  
* [Code Development Process Quality](#user-content-focus-area---code-development-process-quality)  
* [Issue Resolution](#user-content-focus-area---issue-resolution)  
* [Community Growth](#user-content-focus-area---community-growth)  
#### Risk WG  
* [Business Risk](#user-content-focus-area---business-risk)  
* [Code Quality](#user-content-focus-area---code-quality)  
* [Licensing](#user-content-focus-area---licensing)  
* [Security](#user-content-focus-area---security)  
#### Value WG  
* [Ecosystem Value](#user-content-focus-area---ecosystem-value)  
* [Labor Investment](#user-content-focus-area---labor-investment)  
* [Living Wage](#user-content-focus-area---living-wage)  

### Important Dates for Release 202008  

> 202008 Release Freeze: July 1st, 2020    
> 202008 Public Comment Period: July 1st, 2020 to July 31st, 2020  
> 202008 Official Metrics Release Date: August 1st, 2020  

Reviewer: We need more time to prepare the release than 1 day.
I propose we announce the review period tomorrow (June 29) and leave ourselves three days after the review period to prepare the release.

```suggestion
202008 Release Freeze: June 24, 2020    
202008 Public Comment Period: June 29, 2020 to July 28, 2020  
202008 Official Metrics Release Date: August 1, 2020  
```

Author: We could also just announce the release as the first week of august. That would give us a little flexibility.
